c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\SignalrChatC.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\SignalrChatC.pdb
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\obj\Debug\SignalrChatC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\obj\Debug\SignalrChatC.dll
c:\users\roylee\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SignalrChatC\SignalrChatC\obj\Debug\SignalrChatC.pdb
